#First part:
Because of lack of specialty in algorithm design , I want to take this course to improve my skills and use them to find a job in software companies. I'm so hopeful Courseera accept my  demand and help me to get salary.
I invoke you to allow me to improve my skills.
As I showed in my education history, I'm really curios for discovering and if I could maybe I paid for this course but right now I can't and I have no job and I'm job seeker.

#Second part:
Because of unavailability of paying services I can't and also I have no salary to pay and I'm hopeful by using courseera courses finding a job and after that I will think to this.
There is no doubt about that digital marketing is base of every software business, due to this huge importance and my curiosity I wanted to use this course. I want to be an entrepreneur in software.
#Third part:
Right now I have no job, but if I find and I can, I love to support because some other people exist that cannot pay and I want to help humanity.


As you know, Today ML and also Recommender Systems are playing very important role around us and if you become familiar and also expert in this areas you can have this chance to archive a better career and I've already pass ML basis and I need to be more familiar with Recommender Systems because I want to develop such this system and have a good knowledge in this area could help me to better recognize answer of "How should I do?"



Because of unavailability of paying services I can't and also I have not enough salary to pay and I'm hopeful by using Course Era courses finding a better job and after that I will think to this.There is no doubt about that machine learning is used in vary software business, due to this huge importance and my curiosity I wanted to use this course. I want to be an entrepreneur in software with appropriate skill which are needed for a software entrepreneur I think, because when you have proper skill you have more chance to guess what is better and detect opportunities in order to develop your business and I'm hopeful with Course Era aids I archive more goals and more skill.
Thank to Course Era because of providing these huge chances.
